That's it for authentication. In this module, we added an auth service to our Angular application to manage
the entire front-end authentication logic we need.
That includes signing user up and signing the user in based on the inputs in that form here,
it also includes things like switching between sign up and sign in, showing error messages and storing
a token that we then get after a successful login.
We're also storing the tokens such that it persists once we reload the page and we can also use that
token to then fetch data and save data from our now protected Firebase back-end. Again as I stressed throughout
this module already, Firebase is just one example here,
the general logic of how you exchange tokens always is the same.
Now you also learned that there is more to managing the token than just logging in and getting a token,
you don't just want to store it in memory,
you want to store it in a place that survives browser reloads and you want to make sure that it is cleared
once it did expire. We also used a router guard, a routing guard to protect a route against unauthenticated
access,
our recipes area in this case, with help of the auth service and the logic we have in there.
Last but not least, we made sure that the header is updated correctly based on our authentication status
which in turn is derived from our auth service and the user we're storing there in this behavior subject.
Behavior subject because unlike a normal subject, this always gives us access to the previous value
and that simply helps us ensure that we can get access to the user even if in this part of the application
where we need it,
we missed the previous user update and that's it for authentication.
I hope you learned a lot here and you now feel confident adding authentication to your applications
as well.